---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfdcm_challenge_dynamiciac Resource - terraform-provider-ctfdcm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CTFd is built around the Challenge resource, which contains all the attributes to define a part of the Capture The Flag event.
  This implementation has support of On Demand infrastructures through Chall-Manager https://github.com/ctfer-io/chall-manager.
---

# ctfdcm_challenge_dynamiciac (Resource)

CTFd is built around the Challenge resource, which contains all the attributes to define a part of the Capture The Flag event.

This implementation has support of On Demand infrastructures through [Chall-Manager](https://github.com/ctfer-io/chall-manager).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ctfdcm_challenge_dynamiciac" "http" {
  name        = "My Challenge"
  category    = "misc"
  description = "..."
  value       = 500
  decay       = 100
  minimum     = 50
  state       = "visible"
  function    = "logarithmic"

  shared          = true
  destroy_on_flag = true
  mana_cost       = 1
  scenario_id     = ctfd_file.scenario.id
  timeout         = 600

  topics = [
    "Misc"
  ]
  tags = [
    "misc",
    "basic"
  ]
}

resource "ctfd_flag" "http_flag" {
  challenge_id = ctfdcm_challenge_dynamiciac.http.id
  content      = "CTF{some_flag}"
}

resource "ctfd_file" "scenario" {
  name       = "scenario.zip"
  contentb64 = filebase64(".../scenario.zip")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category` (String) Category of the challenge that CTFd groups by on the web UI.
- `decay` (Number) The decay defines from each number of solves does the decay function triggers until reaching minimum. This function is defined by CTFd and could be configured through `.function`.
- `description` (String) Description of the challenge, consider using multiline descriptions for better style.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum points for a dynamic-score challenge to reach with the decay function. Once there, no solve could have more value.
- `name` (String) Name of the challenge, displayed as it.
- `scenario_id` (String) The file's ID of the scenario.
- `value` (Number) The value (points) of the challenge once solved. It is mapped to `initial` under the hood, but displayed as `value` for consistency with the standard challenge.

### Optional

- `additional` (Map of String) An optional key=value map (both strings) to pass to the scenario.
- `attribution` (String) Attribution to the creator(s) of the challenge.
- `connection_info` (String) Connection Information to connect to the challenge instance, useful for pwn, web and infrastructure pentests.
- `destroy_on_flag` (Boolean) Whether to destroy the instance once flagged.
- `function` (String) Decay function to define how the challenge value evolve through solves, either linear or logarithmic.
- `mana_cost` (Number) The cost (in mana) of the challenge once an instance is deployed.
- `max` (Number) The number of instances after which not to pool anymore.
- `max_attempts` (Number) Maximum amount of attempts before being unable to flag the challenge.
- `min` (Number) The minimum number of instances to set in the pool.
- `next` (Number) Suggestion for the end-user as next challenge to work on.
- `requirements` (Attributes) List of required challenges that needs to get flagged before this one being accessible. Useful for skill-trees-like strategy CTF. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requirements))
- `shared` (Boolean) Whether the instance will be shared between all players.
- `state` (String) State of the challenge, either hidden or visible.
- `tags` (List of String) List of challenge tags that will be displayed to the end-user. You could use them to give some quick insights of what a challenge involves.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout (in seconds) after which the instance will be janitored.
- `topics` (List of String) List of challenge topics that are displayed to the administrators for maintenance and planification.
- `until` (String) The date until the instance could run before being janitored.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the challenge.

<a id="nestedatt--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requirements`

Optional:

- `behavior` (String) Behavior if not unlocked, either hidden or anonymized.
- `prerequisites` (List of String) List of the challenges ID.
